Announce DevOps World 2021 (#4569)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2021/09/2021-09-21-jenkins-at-devops-world.adoc

---
:layout: post
:title: "Join Jenkins at DevOps World 2021"
tags:
- events
- conference
- cicd
- talks
- workshops
author: alyssat
description: >
  DevOps World 2021 will include significant Jenkins workshops, sessions, and interactions.
  Join us September 28-30, 2021 for Jenkins workshops, presentations, and conversations.
opengraph:
  image: /images/conferences/devops-world-2021.png
links:
  discourse: true
---

> link:https://www.devopsworld.com/[DevOps World] has been the largest gathering for Jenkins for many years.

Reviewer: Do want to include a sentence like "Because of Covid-19 and to allow more people to attend, DevOps World will again be a virtual event."

> link:https://www.devopsworld.com/[DevOps World] has been the largest gathering for Jenkins for many years.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
link:https://www.devopsworld.com/[DevOps World] has been the largest gathering for Jenkins for many years.
Because of Covid-19 and to allow more people to attend, DevOps World will again be a virtual event.
```

> link:https://www.devopsworld.com/[DevOps World] has been the largest gathering for Jenkins for many yearss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
link:https://www.devopsworld.com/[DevOps World] has been the largest gathering for Jenkins for many years.
```

In keeping with tradition, many Jenkins presentations and sessions are planned for this year's event.

image:/images/conferences/devops-world-2021.png[role="center", align="center", link="https://www.devopsworld.com/"]

> Join us for DevOps World on September 28 - 30, 2021.

Reviewer: Do you want to mention the time and timezones?  I think I heard that some sessions will be done twice to accomodate a few more timezones.
Also that registered users can view the sessions, including chat comments, after the session if the timezone is impossible for them?

Reviewer 2: @StackScribe  After looking at the time information from [agenda](https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda), it's quite confusing because some times are shown in UTC/ET/PT/local time so I guess it's better to let the reader figure it out :D

Reviewer: @olblak Oy!  I was thinking of just a vague statement -- something like "Sessions are scheduled for ET but some sessions will be repeated at a time that is convenient for people in Asia."  I think I heard that we were doing something like that.  Or just say "Sessions are scheduled for ET but registered attendees can view the recordings, including chat sessions, at a later time."  Just a thought...

Author: @StackScribe Hi :). The agenda for the sessions shows the local time i.e when oblak looks up the agenda it will show his local and when I look it up it'll show my (PT) local time. Unfortunately this isn't the same for the workshops. Some workshops shows UTC, some does not. While Olblak and I went through the agenda we felt the way they had it would be easier when individuals look it up themselves vs us trying to document the times which might cause more confusion.

> The event is virtual, free to attend and will consist of the following Jenkins activities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event is virtual, free to attend and will include the following Jenkins activities:
```
"consist of" sounds like the list is comprehensive, and you certainly don't want to try to list everything that will happen at DevOps World ;-)

* Visualizing Git Forensics Data in a Jenkins Plugin - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/580631[Ullrich Hafner]
* Speeding up Jenkins and Maven with a Build Cache - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/581205[Justin Reock]
* Auto Versioning at Scale with Jenkins and Ontrack - Taming the Hydra - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/624444[Damien Coraboeuf]
* Build up a Reliable Jenkins on KubeSphere - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/581404[Rick Zhao]
* Automate Jenkins operations on Kubernetes : Jenkins Automation Operator - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/581203[Vibhav Bobade and Jawed Khelil]
* Running JenkinsFileRunner as a Service - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/580541[Jose Taboada]
* From Big and Slow to Small and Agile: Splitting Monolithic Jenkins Controllers for Increased Performance - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/581457[Dylan Dewhurst]

See the link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda[full agenda] for more Jenkins sessions.

== Birds of a feather

> These are 30 minutes networking sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are 30 minute networking sessions.
```

Topics will be on security and pipeline.
Discussions are led by link:https://github.com/Wadeck[Wadeck Follonier], link:https://github.com/daniel-beck[Daniel Beck], link:https://github.com/joostvdg/joostvdg.github.io[Joost van der Griendt], and link:https://github.com/MarkEWaite[Mark Waite].

== Jenkins contributor summit

A Jenkins Contributor Summit will be held October 2, 2021 at 7:00 AM UTC.

> Planning discussion is taking place at link:https://community.jenkins.io/t/jenkins-contributor-summit-oct-02-2021-apac-emea/203[community.jenkins.io].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The planning discussion is taking place at link:https://community.jenkins.io/t/jenkins-contributor-summit-oct-02-2021-apac-emea/203[community.jenkins.io].
```

> We welcome topic suggestions and or have you present if there's a topic you're passionate about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome topic suggestions or you can volunteer to present a topic about which you are passionate.
```

Join in on the discussion.
New and veteran contributors are welcome!

== Virtual expo hall

> Don't forget to stop by the Jenkins booth for project update content or to chat with one of Jenkins maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to stop by the Jenkins booth for project update content or to chat with one of the Jenkins maintainers.
```

---
:layout: post
:title: "Join Jenkins at DevOps World 2021"
tags:
- events
- conference
- cicd
- talks
- workshops
author: alyssat
description: >
  DevOps World 2021 will include significant Jenkins workshops, sessions, and interactions.
  Join us September 28-30, 2021 for Jenkins workshops, presentations, and conversations.
opengraph:
  image: /images/conferences/devops-world-2021.png
links:
  discourse: true
---

link:https://www.devopsworld.com/[DevOps World] has been the largest gathering for Jenkins for many years.

> Because of Covid-19 and to allow more people to attend, DevOps World will again be a virtual event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Let's remove this line as it's redundant with line 27

== Breakout sessions

* Embracing Observability in Jenkins with OpenTelemetry - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/581459[Cyrille Le Clerc]
* Expanding Open Source in Africa with Jenkins - Experience Report - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/617845[Mark Waite and Zainab Abubakar]
* Visualizing Git Forensics Data in a Jenkins Plugin - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/580631[Ullrich Hafner]
* Speeding up Jenkins and Maven with a Build Cache - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/581205[Justin Reock]
// Is a hyperlink available for Taming the Hydra?
* Auto Versioning at Scale with Jenkins and Ontrack - Taming the Hydra
* Build up a Reliable Jenkins on KubeSphere - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/581404[Rick Zhao]
* Automate Jenkins operations on Kubernetes : Jenkins Automation Operator - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/581203[Vibhav Bobade and Jawed Khelil]
* Running JenkinsFileRunner as a Service - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/580541[Jose Taboada]
// Is a hyperlink available for From Big and Slow to Small and Agile?

> * From Big and Slow to Small and Agile: Splitting Monolithic Jenkins Controllers for Increased Performance - Dylan Dewhurst

Reviewer 3: Add the hyperlink for Dylan's session
```suggestion
* From Big and Slow to Small and Agile: Splitting Monolithic Jenkins Controllers for Increased Performance - link:https://www.devopsworld.com/agenda/session/581457[Dylan Dewhurst]
```
